Add doc for exclude option + globs (#222)
vmware/precaution: docs/configuration.md

on Precaution specific configuration.

Precaution provides you with the option to use optional `.precaution.yaml` file.
This file **must** be in the root directory of your project.

All paths in the options should be **absolute**.

This file can be configured with the following options:

| Option | Syntax |
|---|---|
| [Exclude](#exclude) | [Globs](#globs) |

## Exclude

This option can be used to tell Precaution to exclude files or folders from processing.

If you want to ignore `src/cmd/main.go` file you will add this to your configuration file:
```
exclude:
- "src/cmd/main.go"
```

Another use-case is when you are using Golang and your dependencies are in
the `vendor/` folder, then you can tell Precaution to skip all files
within the `vendor/` folder like this:
```
exclude:
- "vendor/**"
```

It's possible that you wouldn't want Precaution to scan your Golang test files and if the suffix in their names is `_test.go`
then you can easily exclude them:
```
exclude:
- "*_test.go"
```

The exclude option in the `.precaution.yaml` file supports multiple
exclude rules:
```
exclude:
- "*_test.go"
- "vendor/**"
- "src/cmd/main.go"
```

> ## Globs

Reviewer: It feels a bit awkward going straight from a discussion of the exclude option to some documentation of globs without tying the two together. Perhaps it would make more sense to have the globs section as a sub-section of the Exclude section (at least whilst it's the only option)?

```suggestion
### Globs

Rules specified in the exclude option support globbing to match patterns of files, rather than having to hard-code a list. The following table defines pattern formats supported by Precaution configuration files:
```

Author: I thought that we will reference the `Globs` section from this table:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16246778/57948310-fa167680-78e9-11e9-9dc3-855ee7c708ff.png)
which makes it not a context of the `exclude` options section.

Reviewer: That's the only part of the document that ties the two together, nowhere else is it made explicit that the Exclude option supports Glob syntax. With the current layout it's easy to overlook, thus I'd like us to be more explicit and tie the two sections together more explicitly somehow. Even if that's just mentioning in the Exclude section that the rules support glob syntax.

Author: I will add a line explaining that in the exclude section itself.
That way if we reference that section it will be easily visible what syntax it uses.

| Pattern | Meaning
|---|---|
| `*` | Matches everything except slashes. |
| `abc/**` | Matches everything inside folder abc, including its child folders/subdirectories. |
| `?` | Matches any character except for `/` one time. |
| `[abc]` | Matches any characters inside the brackets. |

Here are some examples:

| Example | Meaning
|---|---|
| `*.go` | All go files. |
| `test/**` | All files under the test folder. |
| `foo?.py` | Matches `foo1.py`, `fooA.py`, `fooz.go`, etc. |
| `[xyz]`  | Matches`x`, `y`, or `z`. |

Other glob syntax features supported are:
- Brace Expansion
- Extended glob matching

> Read also:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed explanations of globs see:
```

Author: I will add it to the first commit because this will make it as a separate commit.

<!--
    Copyright 2019 VMware, Inc.
    SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
-->

# Precaution configuration

> Precaution uses a variety of tools under the hood without exposing

Reviewer 2: It's awkward to use "tools" twice in the sentence. Sounds redundant.

> Precaution is using a variety of tools under the hood without exposing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Precaution uses a variety of tools under the hood without exposing
```

> implementation details and complexity of the underlying tools to the user. Because of that,

Reviewer 2: Run-on sentence beginning with "Because of that,".   Also, grammatically you shouldn't start a sentence with Because.

Author: Thanks for your grammar advice!

> Concretely, this means that Precaution ignores any tool specific configuration

Reviewer 2: Why "concretely"?

Author: Because of this sentence is connected with the statement above.
“Precaution uses a variety of linters under the hood without exposing
implementation details and complexity of the underlying tools to the user **_and because of that_** we ignore linter specific configuration files”.

Reviewer: I like **and because of that** better than having a separate statement starting with "concretely".

I think even better would be to expand on the reasoning a bit.

> Precaution uses a variety of linters under the hood without exposing implementation details and complexity of the underlying tools to the user. Because of that, and in order to prevent conflict with any configuration files which may exist in the target git repository, Precaution ignores any linter specific configuration files.

files which may exist in the project's repository and performs scans based solely
on Precaution specific configuration.

> Precaution provides you with the option to use optional `.precaution.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: "option to use optional" sounds awkward because you're effectively saying twice that something is optional

This file **must** be in the root directory of your project.

All paths in the options should be **absolute**.

This file can be configured with the following options:

| Option | Syntax |
|---|---|
| [Exclude](#exclude) | [Globs](#globs) |

## Exclude

> This option can be used to tell Precaution to exclude files or folders from processing.

Reviewer 2: Sometimes this text mentions folders and sometimes it says directories.  Would be good to be consistent with the terms

> You should use the [Globs](#globs) syntax when defining the exclude option.

Reviewer 2: "should" implies you don't necessarily have to.  So is glob syntax required or not?

Author: You must but also if you don't use special Glob syntax symbols it will work too.
Like if you want to exclude a specific file you can with `src/main.go` but maybe I can't express this in this sentence.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like:
```suggestion
This option accepts [Globs](#globs] syntax for defining patterns of files to exclude
```

If you want to ignore `src/cmd/main.go` file you will add this to your configuration file:
```
exclude:
- "src/cmd/main.go"
```

> Another use-case is when you are using Golang and your dependencies are in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another use case is when you are using Golang and your dependencies are in
```

> the `vendor/` folder, then you can tell Precaution to skip all files

Reviewer 2: This is a long run-on sentence

within the `vendor/` folder like this:
```
exclude:
- "vendor/**"
```

> It's possible that you wouldn't want Precaution to scan your Golang test files and if the suffix in their names is `_test.go`

Reviewer 2: Run-on sentence

then you can easily exclude them:
```
exclude:
- "*_test.go"
```

> The exclude option in the `.precaution.yaml` file supports multiple

Reviewer 2: no need to mention precaution.yaml again

exclude rules:
```
exclude:
- "*_test.go"
- "vendor/**"
- "src/cmd/main.go"
```

## Globs

| Pattern | Meaning
|---|---|

> | `*` | Matches everything except slashes. |

Reviewer 2: Forward slashes and backslashes?

Below you mention explicitly '/', so it's unclear here

Author: I change it and I rearranged the place of the `*` symbol to be underneath the `?` symbol.

| `abc/**` | Matches everything inside folder abc, including its child folders/subdirectories. |
| `?` | Matches any character except for `/` one time. |
| `[abc]` | Matches any characters inside the brackets. |

Here are some examples:

| Example | Meaning
|---|---|

> | `*.go` | All go files. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `*.go` | All files with a  .go extension. |
```

<!--
    Copyright 2019 VMware, Inc.
    SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
-->

# Precaution configuration

Precaution provides you with the option to use optional `.precaution.json` file.

> This file **should** be in the root directory of your project.

Author: Yep, it will better to use must. 
You are right.

All paths provided in the options are processed as if the

> they are from the root directory.

Author: Agreed.

This file can be configured with the following options:

| Option | Syntax |
|---|---|
| [Exclude](#exclude) | [Globs](#globs) |

## Exclude

This option can be used to tell Precaution to exclude files or folders from processing.

If you want to exclude a specific file from the Precaution scan you can provide
the full path to it starting from the root directory of your project.

> Then if you want to ignore `src/cmd/main.go` file you will have this `.precaution.json` file:

Author: Hmm...no it's not the same.
I test that and when you have a path starting with a slash it's not the same like the path without the starting slash.
I use `path.normalize()` function to normalize the given path. it removes the extra `.` and `..`
https://nodejs.org/api/path.html#path_path_normalize_path
But it looks like it doesn't remove the starting slash in the path. 
Do you think we should especially handle that situation?

> Then if you want to ignore `src/cmd/main.go` file you will have this `.precaution.json` file:

Reviewer: That makes sense. I don't think it's necessary to remove an initial `/`, instead we should clarify the documentation. 

I'd probably try and remove the 'root' term completely, as it is a bit ambiguous in this context.
Perhaps something like:
> To exclude a file from the Precaution scan provide the relative path from the base directory of your project.

```
{
    exclude: ["src/cmd/main.go"]
}
```

For example, if you are using Golang and your dependencies are in
a `vendor/` folder then you can tell Precaution to skip all files
within the `vendor/` folder with this `.precaution.json` file:
```
{

>     exclude: ["vendor/**"]

Author: Yes, it is documented in the .gitignore documentation.
Also, the library we are using to parse the Globs - minimatch has gitignore listed as reference link: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16246778/57371208-d55c2980-719a-11e9-9cd7-dcbbc163bb03.png)

https://github.com/isaacs/minimatch

}
```

You can use the same syntax if you are using Python
and you want to exclude all test files in your `test/` folder.

Another possible scenario is when you want to exclude all Golang test files.
You can achieve this with this `.precaution.json` file:
```
{
    exclude: ["*_test.go"]
}
```

The exclude option in the `.precaution.json` file supports multiple exclude rules:
```
{
    exclude: ["*_test.go", "vendor/**", "src/cmd/main.go"]
}
```

## Globs

Some of the Precaution configuration options are using Globs as a syntax.

> These are just some of the example patterns we are supporting.

Reviewer: There are more patterns we support? How does the user find out what they all are?

Author: I mentioned:
- Brace Expansion
- Extended glob matching
below too because in the minimatch docs they say those are supported too.

Reviewer 2: Agree, this statement doesn't add value.

Author: Okay, I will remove it.

| Pattern | Meaning
|---|---|
| `*` | Matches everything except slashes. |

> | `abc/**` | Matches everything inside folder abc |

Author: Yes, I just tested it.

| `?` | Matches any character except for `/` one time |
| `[abc]` | 	Matches any characters inside the brackets. |

Here are some examples:

| Example | Meaning
|---|---|
| `*.go` | All go files |
| `test/**` | All files under the test folder |
| `foo?.py` | Matches `foo1.py`, `fooA.py`, `fooz.go`, etc. |
| `[xyz]`  | Matches`x`, `y`, `z`, etc.

Other glob syntax features we are supporting are:
- Brace Expansion
- Extended glob matching

Read also:

> - https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore

Reviewer: Ahah, here's where `**` is documented 😃

Author: Yep, I saw it from gitignore and from minimatch docs there they mention it a few times.

<!--
    Copyright 2019 VMware, Inc.
    SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
-->

# Precaution configuration

Precaution is using a variety of tools under the hood without exposing
implementation details and complexity of the underlying tools to the user.

Concretely, this means that Precaution ignores any tool specific configuration

> files which may exist in the project's repository and performs scans based only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
files which may exist in the project's repository and performs scans based solely
```

on Precaution specific configuration.

> Precaution provides you with the option to use optional `.precaution.json` file.

Reviewer 2: Why JSON for config and not YAML?  YAML is much more human friendly readable/writable config nowadays.

Author: I agreed with you in the past pull request:
https://github.com/vmware/precaution/pull/213#pullrequestreview-237625980

This file **must** be in the root directory of your project.

> All paths in the options are processed as if they are relative to the root directory.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this the same as saying the paths should be absolute rather than relative?  Using the word relative to explain an absolute path might trip up some folks.

Author: Yea, maybe you are right. I will change it.

This file can be configured with the following options:

| Option | Syntax |
|---|---|
| [Exclude](#exclude) | [Globs](#globs) |

## Exclude

This option can be used to tell Precaution to exclude files or folders from processing.

If you want to exclude a specific file from the Precaution scan you can provide

> the full path to it starting from the root directory of your project.

Reviewer 2: This is the 2nd time making this point.

Then if you want to ignore `src/cmd/main.go` file you will have this `.precaution.json` file:
```
{
    exclude: ["src/cmd/main.go"]
}
```

For example, if you are using Golang and your dependencies are in
a `vendor/` folder then you can tell Precaution to skip all files
within the `vendor/` folder with this `.precaution.json` file:
```
{
    exclude: ["vendor/**"]
}
```

You can use the same syntax if you are using Python
and you want to exclude all test files in your `test/` folder.

Another possible scenario is when you want to exclude all Golang test files.

> You can achieve this with this `.precaution.json` file:

Reviewer 2: Kinda redundant to mention `.precaution.json` again.  This is the fourth occurrence.

```
{
    exclude: ["*_test.go"]
}
```

> The exclude option in the `.precaution.json` file supports multiple exclude rules:

Reviewer 2: fifth reference to precaution.json

```
{
    exclude: ["*_test.go", "vendor/**", "src/cmd/main.go"]
}
```

## Globs

> Some of the Precaution configuration options are using Globs as a syntax.

Reviewer 2: We only have 1 option so far.  And this statement doesn't really add value since we already show a syntax of globs above.

Author: Maybe it will be better to remove that sentence as a whole. You are right - it doesn't bring any value.

These are just some of the example patterns we are supporting.

| Pattern | Meaning
|---|---|
| `*` | Matches everything except slashes. |
| `abc/**` | Matches everything inside folder abc. |
| `?` | Matches any character except for `/` one time. |
| `[abc]` | Matches any characters inside the brackets. |

Here are some examples:

| Example | Meaning
|---|---|
| `*.go` | All go files. |
| `test/**` | All files under the test folder. |
| `foo?.py` | Matches `foo1.py`, `fooA.py`, `fooz.go`, etc. |
| `[xyz]`  | Matches`x`, `y`, or `z`. |

> Other glob syntax features we are supporting are:

Reviewer 2: Avoid using pronouns, we and I
```suggestion
Other glob syntax features supported are:
```
